Add parallel installation library (#140)
kyma-incubator/hydroform: parallel-install/README.md

# Parallel Install

## Overview

> The `parallel-install` package allows you to install and uninstall Kyma on already existing clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `parallel-install` package allows you to install and uninstall Kyma on the already existing clusters.
```

## Usage

> Before starting an installation/uninstallation you need to provide a configuration by creating an instance of the `Installation` struct. To do so, use the `installation.NewInstallation` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting the installation or uninstallation process, you need to provide a complete configuration by creating an instance of the `Installation` struct. To do so, use the `installation.NewInstallation` function.
```

| Parameter | Type | Example value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | prerequisites | `[][]string` | `{"cluster-essentials", "kyma-system"}, {"istio", "istio-system"},` | Array of component's name and namespace pairs. This components will be installed first in a declared order linearly. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| prerequisites | `[][]string` | `{"cluster-essentials", "kyma-system"}, {"istio", "istio-system"},` | Array of the component's name and Namespace pairs. These components will be installed first, linearly, in a declared order. |
```

| componentsYaml | `string` | - | Content of the [Installation CR](https://kyma-project.io/docs/#custom-resource-installation). Components will be extracted and installed in parallel. |
| overridesYaml | `[]string` | `{ "foo: bar", "val: example" }` | List of Helm overrides. The latter the override, the higher is its priority. |
| resourcesPath | `string` | `/go/src/github.com/kyma-project/kyma/resources` | Path to the Kyma resources. |

> | concurrency | `int` | `3` | Specifies how many components install simultaneously. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| concurrency | `int` | `3` | Specifies how many components are installed simultaneously. |
```

> >**NOTE:** Library also fetches overrides from Config Maps present in the cluster. However, overrides provided through the `NewInstallation` have higher priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** This library also fetches overrides from ConfigMaps present in the cluster. However, overrides provided through `NewInstallation` have a higher priority.
```

> Use the following functions accordingly. You need to provide a kubeconfig pointing to a cluster to each function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following functions accordingly. You need to provide a kubeconfig pointing to a cluster for each function.
```

> - `StartKymaInstallation` - Starts installation. Prerequisites are installed first linearly, then components' installation continues in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `StartKymaInstallation` - Starts the installation process. First, prerequisites are installed linearly. Then, the components' installation continues in parallel.
```

> - `StartKymaUninstallation` - Starts uninstallation. Library uninstalls components first, then proceeds with prerequisites' uninstallation in reverse order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `StartKymaUninstallation` - Starts the uninstallation process. The library uninstalls the components first, then it proceeds with the prerequisites' uninstallation in reverse order.
```

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example
```

> >**NOTE:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Before running the example, please apply the file `namespace.yaml` to properly create kyma-installer namespace, otherwise the installation will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Before running the example, apply the `namespace.yaml` file to properly create the `kyma-installer` Namespace. Otherwise, the installation will fail.
```
